Stop slandering me here
Even so
You can make them stop.
Prove that what I said is false
Hey, don't fall here black and white
Even if he is white and sunny
He has thousands of acres of medicinal fields under the Bai Family Emblem
Enough for his Bai family to stand tall in the love of the nine ethnic groups in Southern Province
Top of an Island
Don't say you brought these
That's right, I brought it
If there is no blessing of unicorn charm
These 20 years of natural disasters
Which time has he escaped from the Bai family?
Tens of thousands of drug dealers in such disasters
Huge losses
Crumbling
But his Bai family was smooth sailing
Like a beheading
You tell me.
This is not the arm of the Kirin military
What is it? Do you agree?
One of the generals under Ye Qingmei's tent
But as far as I know
You haven't even been on the front line once
Other soldiers bled at the border
You are playing around as a landscape
All your credit is due to chance
All the situations are forced by both sides
If there is no bonus for the unicorn contract
You're a petty soldier
useless cannon fodder
What else are you talking about?
make contributions
Saying that you are virtuous or not is flattering you
You you
The day of the nine clans you are present
It was a year of decline
The end of the poor
Just one step away from stepping into the abyss
Become a royal skeleton
I pulled you up with my own hands
I am the one who used unicorn qi to change your lowly lives
I'm the one who sent you to shake on top
Welling Jiuxiao
But now
You've made a few small achievements on your own
Start to be arrogant
The words said will be avenged by the sky
Everything I do is a humiliation
The ivy has skin
You have no intention
Shame on the Sagittarius
You are shameless
This is the human skin.
It shouldn't be on you
I don't know what the word shame is
Even if your faces make me sick again
But it's not about finding people's lives
I would like to give you another chance to atone for your sins
He Lu Family slaughtered the unicorn
self-destruct
You are a fairy French
must die
But this kylin's life is clumsy and it still has a soul.
Your family
There is still a chance for atonement
As long as you put the remaining 7 unicorn stone figures
Gathering to die
All the sinners of the Qi family kneel down
Kou Xincheng trembled
You can still be like the wooden frame
Keep going up.
Top of the World